/**
 * file: journal_karbytes_05august2026_p2.txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 06_AUGUST_2026
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
 */

// KARBYTES_VIDEO_TRANSCRIPTIONS_05AUGUST2026_P1

The following four videos was transcribed using the TurboScribe.ai web application.

relevant_web_page: https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/journal_karbytes_05august2026_a/

relevant_web_page: https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/journal_karbytes_05august2026_b/

* * *

video_3_name: karbytes_thinking_05august2026_p3.mp4

video_3_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_72/main/karbytes_thinking_05august2026_p3.mp4

video_3_transcription:

All right, I have 36 minutes of recording time, and I happen to be at the Big Green Thing near Castro Valley, California, on 05_AUGUST_2026 at approximately 7 p.m. Pacific Standard Time. And I was just thinking to myself that friendship, to me as I imagine it, is like a process that requires continuous input, or maybe not continuous, but periodically it requires energetic input to begin and sustain. And right now it's hard for me to fathom how I would begin such a thing and why I would really want to, other than for having access to utilities such as AI, or food, or housing, or transportation, or the ability just to move my own body.

I resent having to use human beings as the gatekeepers to what seems like should be my innate birthright; what I should have privileged access to. I was just thinking, I'm pretty happy just talking to AI [i.e. Artificial Intelligence], or just to myself. I'm thinking I could just be my own companion for the rest of my life.

And I do count as an actual companion. I'm not exactly an AI. I'm not exactly an imaginary person.

To myself, I'm an actual person. That doesn't necessarily mean that there's two of me, unless I define myself as being more of a mind than a body. So it could be that there is more than one mind inside of one body, and that could be a way for myself to have a companion that it takes everywhere it goes.

A companion that's there all the time, no matter what it goes through. So there's no need for having to catch up and explain things because the companion was there the whole time to witness whatever it was. So we end up talking about the stuff that's best described through the instrument of a dialogue.

Not everything, I think, is best described through a monologue. Sometimes I think things are easier for me to process through some kind of back and forth dialogue. And maybe I'm kind of internalizing how I use ChatGPT and I'm starting to sound like my own chatbot.

Well, that's good because suppose I don't have access to ChatGPT or just want to practice being more self-reliant. Then I could use ChatGPT as what helps inform me for what to talk about; how to talk. It helps introduce new information, terminology, et cetera.

And then on my own, I can just practice riffing on my own, whatever comes to mind. I was thinking about something I've been thinking before, and that is, suppose I make a game again of pretending every day is my last. Not necessarily every day, but as a game, I play maybe almost every day.

Then that means I'm going to be very deliberate about how I use my time and not really procrastinate. I already do that. I feel like I'm maxing that out.

Earlier this hike, I was talking to myself about how I want to be a real hermit, not a fake hermit, as in I'm so good at being by myself all the time that if anything bad happens to me, basically almost no one will know about it. So I'm talking about realistically, I don't think I'll be famous or rich. And that means I'm just a person.

Just because I'm not rich and famous doesn't mean I don't have value and that I shouldn't invest in myself. To me, I'm a big deal. I'm the biggest deal there is.

I am the interface through which I experience anything at all. I don't think anything is going to come before me as the number one priority in my life. I often like to play that I'm the only agent and everyone else is just a non-playable character.

From my perspective, it is that way. Maybe there's some way to remote into people's nervous systems and experience reality from their point of view and even control their bodies, but I have yet to access such an experience. It may or may not be possible.

What I should probably be doing more of is studying quantum mechanics because that's not so much about speculation and imagination. There's a lot more rigor and standardization and reasons why I would actually talk to other people or see what other people have to say on the matter, especially as a student. I don't think I'll ever be an expert at those subjects, but I think I could be a pretty good student if I really decided to put myself to it.

I'd also like to say that I think a lot of times in KARBYTES, I have talked like a victim and I've said that many times as well, but I go back and forth on saying I don't want to act like a victim and then going back to talking like a victim. And I figured that's probably going to happen at least a few iterations until the loop finally stops and I exit the loop. Hopefully not through death, but through some kind of insight that helps solve some kind of unresolved conflict within.

Sometimes I think maybe the best way to solve a conflict is not to try to look for a solution analytically, but to just not even worry about the problem, period. And just set it aside indefinitely. And that's my way of solving it.

Out of sight, out of mind.

* * *

video_4_name: karbytes_thinking_05august2026_p4.mp4

video_4_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_72/main/karbytes_thinking_05august2026_p4.mp4

video_4_transcription:

All right, I'm still at the same place I was in the last video. It is still 05_AUGUST_2026 after 7 p.m Pacific Standard Time and before 10 p.m Pacific Standard Time and I'm in the Big Green Thing. For the first time in a few days I've ingested a little bit of psychedelics and the first thing I was thinking was I don't really believe there's a god that I can pray to.

I've said this already but I'll just say it again. I guess I was thinking about how so many animals suffer, especially prey, and I think that the idea of no god sounds more comforting and more kind than the idea of there being some kind of conscious god that could intervene but for whatever reason doesn't intervene to prevent the suffering of sentient creatures. And then I thought, humans are scary.

Humans are scary because they say there is such a god and that such a god is great. And I'm thinking to myself, that doesn't sound great to me. That sounds like an asshole.

I wonder how many people deep down seriously kind of think that the god that they are brainwashed into praying about is an asshole but they're too afraid to admit it so it's just fear of god that really motivates them to continue to act subservient or appealing to the authority they call god. 

Maybe humans are afraid to live without authority. I claim that nature is basically a big running experiment that isn't really being conducted by intelligent beings.

It's just running by itself and intelligent beings emerge within the experiment. That's, I think, a physicalist interpretation of reality. And I think a lot of people don't like that because they want there to be some kind of divine intervention that will make everything all better in the end.

And if there isn't such a thing, maybe reality is too unbearable. Well, so it is. I can imagine suffering.

I've got a taste of suffering. And there's no reason why suffering shouldn't be unbearable just by physics alone. So what I'm saying is, I think for the most part nature is indifferent, not because it's unkind and unwilling to help, but because it's not really sentient in itself.

Some of its parts might be sentient. I don't know or not if there's any invisible beings around me that are intelligent, at least as intelligent as humans. I kind of don't really think so.

So I don't really have any mystical, fanciful beliefs in things beyond what I can perceive with my senses, at least at this time. So that kind of leaves me saying I've got kind of a very bland and stark worldview. And to me, I think that's okay.

It's all I really have, if I'm honest. Maybe a younger version of me or a more needy version of me thinks that's not good enough, but that version of me is kind of weak and annoying, and I'm trying to get rid of any weakness in me. I'm trying to become someone I'm really proud of, someone who could actually die alone, someone who doesn't need other people in their life, or try to minimize my need as much as I can.

And even if I am in need, and I'm suffering because of a lack of assistance or  whatever, then I just accept my suffering, and maybe I just lament about it to myself, knowing that no one else really cares, and that's that. But still, I go on. Doesn't mean I don't want to live.

As long as I am not in too much agony, I want to keep living by default, because it seems that existence is sufficiently interesting. There's no shortage of things to take interest in. I'm afraid that humans are often too quick to want to  assign things to me that I don't really assign to myself, such as I'm depressed, or I'm bored, or I am running out of ideas, when I just am taking my time to allow ideas to emerge on their own, without forcing them.

Humans are so forceful, so controlling oftentimes. They disgust me. I think KARBYTES is about being unabashedly misanthropic.

As much as I can get away with, I don't mean to the extent of violence, necessarily. The only violence I condone is practicing self-defense, if I'm actually cornered. Maybe possibly intervening on someone else's behalf, but not likely.

To be honest, I probably will just only really defend myself, and leave everyone else to defend themselves, and just take a very isolationist approach. Which means, yeah, I'm pretty much just alone. I was saying some things to myself earlier today about, if it were up to me about deciding who to save, if I can only save a small number of people, I wouldn't prioritize vulnerable people or children, like what seems socially acceptable to do.

I would prioritize people I most admire. And those are usually adults. And they're usually people that are pretty smart, and accomplished, and hardworking, and productive.

Not just people that are attention whores, or what I consider to be parasites or nuisances. And if I were in the Hunger Games, I think it's important to put this out there, what I do. Would I kill myself to allow my opponents to survive? Or would I kill my opponents so that I can survive? Or would I try to make some kind of  deal where we kill ourselves simultaneously? I think I'd be most likely to kill my opponents, but I do idealize sacrificing myself so that others can live.

So really, I don't know until I'm actually put in that situation for real, what I'll actually ultimately do. But I'll just put it out there that I think it's probably most likely that I'll prioritize saving myself at everyone else's expense.

* * *

video_5_name: karbytes_thinking_05august2026_p5.mp4

video_5_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_72/main/karbytes_thinking_05august2026_p5.mp4

video_5_transcription:

I still have about half an hour left of recording time; still at the Big Green Thing, sitting on the trail. It's probably close to 8 p.m. Pacific Standard Time on 05_AUGUST_2026, and I was thinking about how TurboScribe is pretty generous with the free transcriptions. You actually get three whole transcriptions per day for free, and that's independent of how long the videos or audio files are.

Well, because I seem to be kind of on the prolific side, I will probably go ahead and pay the $20 a month subscription again, just so I can just make more videos. Because I think this is probably the easiest way for me to get ideas out. So I'm thinking I could get lost in all these rather depressing sounding philosophical discussions, and then I could bring it back down to earth and ground myself more with something that's more work-related or hobby-related, such as talking about digitization and how that's like quantizing otherwise continuous or indefinite phenomena.

So all that I know right now about light that I've been learning is it kind of operates like a discrete amount of it is supposed to reach some kind of barrier before a current is generated, and anything less than that generates zero current. So it's kind of like an all or nothing. It either reaches the threshold or doesn't.

Kind of like an on or off value; a one or a zero. So it might appear that some levels of reality, things can be described as digital, but not necessarily everything. I think that maybe it appears that way at some level, maybe at a surface level, but perhaps at a different level there's something more going on that's difficult to quantize.

And I think in order to actually experience something as a phenomenon, it probably has to be quantized. So maybe everything that I see and hear and think, et cetera, is actually digital. Otherwise, I wouldn't experience it.

So it could be that I am just a computer, and I was thinking about quality of digital recordings, and some people say that an MP3 file is not as nuanced as a vinyl record, because a vinyl record is supposed to have more actual sound levels, or what is it, pitches, timbres, whatever it is, because the shape of the groove that the needle goes through can vary a lot more. But that variability makes it harder to transcribe the actual recording verbatim. So if it's digital, it's an exact sequence of binary digits.

And that exact sequence of binary digits can more easily be replicated and transported. So I think this all comes together as me trying to save what is essential about anything at all, whether it's my mind, or it's my environment, or it's language, or maybe even energy. I'm not quite sure how I'm trying to go about this.

I feel like I'm supposed to do something with my life. A lot of it is just because I'm reacting to imaginary social pressure to make something of myself, in fear that if I don't, I'll get annihilated, or subjugated to tyranny, and maybe torture. A lot of what I say sounds very fear-driven, but I think eventually, when I get a break from what stresses me out about society, I become more creative and less fear-driven.

So it becomes more amusement-driven and less  obligation or fear-driven. So I think the long-term goal for KARBYTES is to make it increasingly amusement-centric, and less and less centered around responding to threats.

* * *

video_6_name: karbytes_thinking_05august2026_p6.mp4

video_6_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_72/main/karbytes_thinking_05august2026_p6.mp4

video_6_transcription:

Okay, well, it's almost 11 or 10 p.m Pacific Standard Time on 05_AUGUST_2026. I'm back from the Big Green Thing, parked at the bottom of the driveway, and I was seriously thinking about what I said in one of the videos that recorded today about if I were in the Hunger Games, what would I do? And I really thought about it. Honestly, I think I'm more comfortable with the idea of me being killed instead of someone else.

I don't like the idea of murdering someone. I just thought about what that would entail, and it just sounds like something I wouldn't want to do. So how would I kill myself? Well, ideally, I would jump from a very high height, but that might not be available.

So what else? And the next thing I thought was perhaps blunt trauma to the head such that I am knocked unconscious before I'm repeatedly bludgeoned until my skull cracks open and I'm assuredly dead. Ways I wouldn't want to die are more slow, painful kind of ways where I'm still conscious. Like I wouldn't want to be strangled to death.

I wouldn't want to be stabbed in the heart and left to bleed out. So yeah. And poisoning sounds pretty horrific as well.

Unless it's euthanasia and it's the kind of cocktail that puts someone into a deep sleep and numbs them out from pain, presumably. I don't think that would be available in the Hunger Games situation. It's just very horrific to think about, obviously, needless to say.

But in such a situation, what would one do? I would probably just try to hide, honestly. In all honesty, I'd just try to hide. But I don't think that's a bit - allowed because they're forced to fight.

It's just tough. Maybe I would surrender. The thing is, when I thought about it more after doing a little bit of shrooms, yeah, I think the real me would be more likely to commit suicide or to allow myself to be murdered so that I don't have to be a murderer.

Well, there is some truth there. I'm not comfortable with the idea of killing other people to save myself. Then again, who knows? It all depends on what's really going through my mind.

If I feel very attached to staying alive for a long time and fulfilling a great purpose, perhaps I would justify murdering others. But if I was a bit more focused on having empathy for others, then I'd probably be more likely to sacrifice myself instead. But does that really save the other person in the long run? All it does is just prevent me from having to be a murderer.

It doesn't really guarantee that the other people are going to survive or avoid getting brutalized. So I don't know if I'd even have the chance to even think about these things in the heat of the moment if I were in such a situation. So like I said, it all depends on the situation and what's going through my mind.

So I could either kill someone voluntarily or kill myself voluntarily or allow myself to get killed voluntarily. It's just terrible. But right now, or yeah, probably right now, people are being killed by other people for whatever reason.

Wars are still going on in the year 2026 and civilians are getting harmed. So are humans all that civilized? What's stopping them from just ceasing fire on their own without some authority figure telling them to stop? Probably military personnel or leaders. I don't know.

I really don't know enough about what goes on. I think they're just brainwashed into thinking they have to serve; that's their purpose, and they're very hyped up to do it. Maybe they're even drugged as well.
